Add notes for GC-07-28 meeting (#609)
WebAssembly/meetings: gc/2020/GC-07-28.md

- **Where**: zoom.us
- **When**: July 28th, 4pm-5pm UTC (July 28th, 9am-10am Pacific Daylight Time)
- **Location**: *link on calendar invite*

### Registration

None required if you've attended before. Fill out the form here to sign up if
it's your first time: https://forms.gle/JehrAB4gWbtHjybt9. The meeting is open
to CG members only.

## Logistics

The meeting will be on a zoom.us video conference.
Installation is required, see the calendar invite.

## Agenda items

1. Opening, welcome and roll call
    1. Opening of the meeting
    1. Introduction of attendees
1. Find volunteers for note taking (acting chair to volunteer)
1. Adoption of the agenda
1. Proposals and discussions
    1. Discussion: Wasm interop with host languages like JavaScript (@tebbi)
1. Closure

## Meeting Notes

### Introduction of attendees

* Adam Klein
* Andreas Rossberg
* Ben Smith
* Daniel Wirtz
* Emanuel Ziegler
* Francis McCabe
* Jakob Kummerow
* JP Sugarbroad
* Lars Hansen
* Luke Wagner
* Ross Tate
* Ryan Hunt
* Sabine
* Slava Kuzmich
* Tobias Tebbi
* Wouter Van Oortmersson
* Zalim Basharov
* Zhi An Ng

### Discussion: Wasm interop with host languages like JavaScript (@tebbi)

> TODO(tebbi): slides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BqRlDrQIYdkRHHtoZ7F8a2tpFwYoumCCbqQ4SpULajI/
Issue: https://github.com/WebAssembly/gc/issues/107
```

ZB: another question, have you considered having an ability to add interceptors, something like accessors.

TT: yes, in the earlier version of proposal we had that, I don’t see any technical reasons you couldn’t have it. Similar to method, you can install something like a getter, that actually calls a Wasm function. The reason why I presented it this way is because having the JS interpreter fast, simple case fast, you want directly readable and writable fields without any calling.

LW: can it be useful for JS to create/consume GC objects even without Wasm around. Just wanting to use these as objects that are more JIT optimizable, maybe want stricter typing.

TT: I would like that. I think that's missing from JS language. Can't comment on how difficult it would be to get through ES, but I would like it.

RT: like the typed objects paper

LW: if it was in JS, a first class extension to the class syntax to declare this with extra keywords… when you think about that, how does that interact with Wasm, use that only, or with Wasm?

> BS: probably a good place to leave it. Thanks TT. Continue discussion on GitHub issue, open a new one if no existing.

Reviewer: a link to the issue would be helpful!

> BS: probably a good place to leave it. Thanks TT. Continue discussion on GitHub issue, open a new one if no existing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BS: probably a good place to leave it. Thanks TT. Continue discussion on [GitHub issue](https://github.com/WebAssembly/gc/issues/107).
```
